README.md, before:

# This is the backend for the project Contacts

## First Steps

1 - Update the files knexfile.js (both) to use your credentials.
In development or test environment is just update the json file, but in production environment you have to create the env "DATABASE_URL". In Heroku you have a special space to add new environment variable.

2 - Development environment:

- After you have created the database run `npm run db:migrate` to create all tables and views
- Execute `npm run dev`

3 - Production environment:

- Creates a new database and save the URL to use in variable environment
  - Go to `https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps` and create a new app
  - Connect with your GitHub repo that has your backend files
  - Enable automatic deploys
  - Go to `Resources` and search by `Heroku Postrgres` and add it
  - Click over the `Heroku Postrgres` added before and you will be redirected to a specific database page
  - Click over Settings tab
  - Database Credentials -> View Credentials and copy the URI string and saved it
  - Close the Database windows and go back to the first one, there click over the button `Open app` and copy the URL and save it
  - Those information you will use in frontend app
- In heroku the app will run automatically the scripts `npm run db:migrate` and `npm start`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm start`

Builds the app for production.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Commit message:

fix error when creates new data

README.md, after:

# This is the backend for the project Contacts

## First Steps

1 - Update the files knexfile.js (both) to use your credentials.
In development or test environment is just update the json file, but in production environment you have to create the env "DATABASE_URL". In Heroku you have a special space to add new environment variable.

2 - Development environment:

- After you have created the database run `npm run db:migrate` to create all tables and views
- run `npm run db:seed` to insert all data
- run `npm run dev`

3 - Production environment:

- Creates a new database and save the URL to use in variable environment
  - Go to `https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps` and create a new app
  - Connect with your GitHub repo that has your backend files
  - Enable automatic deploys
  - Go to `Resources` and search by `Heroku Postrgres` and add it
  - Click over the `Heroku Postrgres` added before and you will be redirected to a specific database page
  - Click over Settings tab
  - Database Credentials -> View Credentials and copy the URI string and saved it
  - Close the Database windows and go back to the first one, there click over the button `Open app` and copy the URL and save it
  - Go to `Settings` tab -> Reveal Config Vars and add a new one: `PGSSLMODE` as key and `no-verify`and the value
  - Go to `Deploy` tab -> Manual deploy -> Choose a branch to deploy -> Deploy Branch (If some error happens, you will have to reset database before try again)
  - Those information you will use in frontend app
- In heroku the app will run automatically the scripts `npm run db:migrate` and `db:seed` and `npm start`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm start`

Builds the app for production.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
